we're heading down to explore an
underwater cave we always run a
guideline
you place it very carefully
because you have to assume that
you're going to come out in no
visibility without that line you
have low odds to get now and
then all of a sudden it just
started raining down on top of
me one of us are all of us just
the are in kicks or just the
pressure waves of our body must
have set off this abalones my
initial reaction was to just
scream in my own head
we trained ourselves to take
slow deep breaths into your
heart rate down the last thing I
look for is where was my dive
partner and we're with the line
be i found the line and then
Brian's leg and gave him the
push forward signal
lucky that it was a very narrow
passageway using a giant passage
where I wouldn't hit the line
you're spending a long time
completely concentrated with no
visibility
it's only when you get for the
surface and you see all your
your dive buddies next you
realize just how how intense
experience you just went through
one of the most tense 78 hits
the next event a long time